# Hacktoberfest 2022

## 🤔 How to use?
1. To use these awesome Repository in your GitHub Profile, First you have to fork this repository in your github account.

2.  Clone the repository from your account to local PC, so its available to you locally. Also, you can make changes in it.

3. Go to your Desktop and open `Git Bash` or `Terminal` and copy or manually type the code.

4. First you have to go to Desktop and clone the repository

    ```
        cd Desktop/
    ```
5. To clone this repository 
    
    ```
        git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Hactoberfest_Challenge/
    ```
 6. After clone the repository  
    
    ```
        cd Hactoberfest_Challenge/
    ```  
7. To open this repository in your `VS Code` Editor 
    
    ```
        code .
    ```
     

## 📃 Guidelines To Contribute 
1. Make sure you fork the repository, so it's available to your GitHub account, for further contributions as well as it state your contributions in it.


2. Clone the repository from your account to local PC, so its available to you locally. Also, you can make changes in it.

    ```
        git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/<repo-name>
    ```

3. Now, set the `upstream` so it make a "path of contribution" from your account's repo. (repository) to original repository.


    ```
       git remote add upstream https://github.com/<org-name>/<repo-name>.git
    ```

4. After done with the changes in code, get ready to contribute, Excited ? 🤩 

5. Make your own branch by using following command:
    ```
        git checkout -b <branch-name>
    ```

6. Now, you've to add the changes in that branch, you created just above.
    ```
        git add .
    ```
7. Lets commit the changes, & earn "green square of the day".
    ```
        git commit -m "<message>"
    ```
8. Now, just push the changes from your repo. to original repository.
    ```
        git push origin <branch-name>
    ```
9. Once you've committed and pushed all of your changes to GitHub, go to the page for your fork on GitHub, select your development branch, and click the pull request button. If you need to make any adjustments to your pull request, just push the updates to GitHub. Your pull request will automatically track the changes in your development branch and update it.



# Prizes

In addition to [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/)'s official T-shirts, the first 20 contributors will receive swag from PayPal! We welcome your contributions and are excited to see your pull requests! 


As a bonus, a randomly selected contributor will receive a TimBuk2 Parkside Backpack!

# Repos
You're encouraged to submit PRs for any Issues with the "hacktoberfest" label! These repositories power **PayPal's JavaScript SDK** used by millions of merchants and users.

* You must open one pull request (PR) between October 1-31, 2022.
* The PR must be associated with an Issue with a "hacktoberfest" label.

# Other notes
* A PR may be marked as invalid if it is determined to be spam (Ex: auto-generated by a bot) or isn't associated with a "hacktoberfest" labeled Issue.
* Repository maintainers reserve the right to accept or not accept pull requests for any reason.
* If you are identified as one of the prize winners, your swag will start shipping in November 2022.
